Beijing 16
age can not forget
a time of political battles in the countries and of labor commitments
the political unrest
and distribution of substances
one was defined by a general
of gea
in Napoleon Total War
after the military forces
the legendary general Napoleon Bonaparte
from his stay in the session of Italy to his satirical march on Moscow
there are three past campaigns in
take command
in his most famous battles
all its rooms in real time three of these credits to trafalgar
going through the gospel
and many more
in March 1796
Napoleon
arrives north of italy
and the French army
against the invading Asturian forces for the first time
according to the city liguilla emphasizes more and the family the nation
the one on earth
after the defeat of austria
Napoleon takes Egypt in an attempt to block British trade several
middle east forces among those who were invaders and very innocent
and the Mamluks
directed by the fearsome castle and wall
they face the French army
Napoleon must defend himself from the raids that the powerful navy
British vellum
in 1804 britain austria and russia
form the third coalition declare war on the Napoleonic empire in a way
that force them to take the initiative
in workshop in europe
Now that is so bad
directed to the French interior the most important victory of his life
Conversely
that will face saints
the countries are